Document starter kit scalability (#1435)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/user-guide/scalability.md

# Scalability

> Our findings and recommendations around scaling the starter kit are based on a set of load tests that we ran in January 2022. If you want to learn about how to run these load tests, or read up on a more detailed analysis, refer to the [Load Tests](./testing/load_tests.md) documentation. During all of the scenarios below we verified that the starter kit operated reliably, did not miss more than a few receive windows and did not drop any upstream messages.

Reviewer: Let's specify that the tests were run on release 2.0.0 with a specific IoT Edge Hub version (don't recall exactly now)

## Single-gateway scenario

For the case of using a single LNS [as an IoT Edge gateway](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-edge/iot-edge-as-gateway?view=iotedge-2020-11), we were able to verify our solution by simulating 900 OTAA devices connected to a single gateway. After an initial join and cache warm-up phase, each device was sending a message every three minutes, broadcasting each message to four concentrators connected to the same gateway.

> Keep in mind that in such a scenario you need to adapt the IoT Edge `MaxConnectedClients` environment variable. For more details on the exact configuration we used for these scalability tests, refer to the [Load Tests](./testing/load_tests.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that in such a scenario you need to adapt the Edge Hub `MaxConnectedClients` environment variable (more info on [Edge Hub environment variables](https://github.com/Azure/iotedge/blob/master/doc/EnvironmentVariables.md)). For more details on the exact configuration we used for these scalability tests, refer to the [Load Tests](./testing/load_tests.md) documentation.
```

## Multi-gateway scenario

If you plan to use multiple gateways as an IoT Edge gateway, you will not achieve the same scalability as with a single gateway. We were able to successfully scale test 80 OTAA devices connected to multiple gateways, broadcasting each message to each gateway through two concentrators. We plan to address this scalability limitation in a future release.

## IoT Edge in direct mode

!!! Warning

>     Direct mode is not recommended for production use, as it has limitations with respect to message delivery guarantees. If you decide to use this, you may lose messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Direct mode is not recommended for production use, as it has limitations with respect to message delivery guarantees. If you decide to use this, you might lose messages in case of connection instability.
```

We were able to support 1600 OTAA devices, sending progressively more messages, with a maximum of 9 messages per second to two gateways. During our scalability tests, D2C message delivery latency was on average 450ms after the warm-up phase.

> You can use the `IOTHUB_CONNECTION_POOL_SIZE` environment variable to configure the maximum pool size for such a scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `IOTHUB_CONNECTION_POOL_SIZE` environment variable to configure the AMQP pool size for such a scenario.
```
